_members/downs.md, before:

---
layout: about
inline: false
group: Postdoctoral Researchers
group_rank: 2

title: Bradley Downs, PhD
description: Profile of Bradley Downs, PhD, Postdoctoral Researcher in the Epidiagnostics Group.
lastname: Downs
publications: 'author^=*Downs'

teaser: >
    I am a postdoctoral researcher working in the Epidiagnostics Group. My research interests include the investigation of DNA methylation alterations in tumors and the development of innovative technologies for liquid biopsies.

profile:
    name: Bradley Downs, PhD
    position: Postdoctoral Researcher at INBT (PI&#58; Pisanic)
    align: right
    image: brad-profile.jpg
    role: Postdoctoral Researcher
    orcid: 0000-0001-6156-510X
    website: 
    email: bdowns4@jhmi.edu
    github: 
    address: >
        Institute for NanoBioTechnology<br />
        Shaffer 200E<br />
        3400 N Charles St<br />        
        Baltimore, MD 21218
---

My research interests include the investigation of DNA methylation alterations in tumors and the development of innovative technologies for liquid biopsies. In my previous postdoctoral fellowship, I helped develop multiple diagnostic assays that analyze tumor specific DNA methylation biomarkers and developed technologies to capture circulating tumor DNA in flowing unaltered plasma.  I have also developed multiple bioinformatic tools to characterize DNA methylation alterations and to discover DNA methylation biomarkers from Illumina DNA methylation array data. My future goal is to continue combining bioinformatics analyses with molecular technology development to conduct both basic and translational cancer research.

## Short Bio

I received my Ph.D. from Dr. San Ming Wang’s laboratory at the University of Nebraska Medical Center. As a Ph.D. student, I used next generation sequencing to identify germline mutations that associate with a change of risk of developing breast cancer in individuals with a history of familiar breast cancer.  After graduating with my Ph.D., I joined Dr. Sukumar’s laboratory as a postdoctoral fellow at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine. In Dr. Sukumar’s lab, I developed multiple tumor diagnostic assays and bioinformatic software to identify and investigate DNA methylation alterations in tumors.

Commit message:

Added Luda and Senior Scientist Group

_members/downs.md, after:

---
layout: about
inline: false
group: Senior Scientists
group_rank: 2

title: Bradley Downs, PhD
description: Profile of Bradley Downs, PhD, Postdoctoral Researcher in the Epidiagnostics Group.
lastname: Downs
publications: 'author^=*Downs'

teaser: >
    I am a researcher working in the Epidiagnostics Group. My research interests include the investigation of DNA methylation alterations in tumors and the development of innovative technologies for liquid biopsies.

profile:
    name: Bradley Downs, PhD
    position: Senior Research Specialist at INBT (PI&#58; Pisanic)
    align: right
    image: brad-profile.jpg
    role: Senior Scientist
    orcid: 0000-0001-6156-510X
    website: 
    email: bdowns4@jhmi.edu
    github: 
    address: >
        Institute for NanoBioTechnology<br />
        Shaffer 200E<br />
        3400 N Charles St<br />        
        Baltimore, MD 21218
---

My research interests include the investigation of DNA methylation alterations in tumors and the development of innovative technologies for liquid biopsies. In my previous postdoctoral fellowship, I helped develop multiple diagnostic assays that analyze tumor specific DNA methylation biomarkers and developed technologies to capture circulating tumor DNA in flowing unaltered plasma.  I have also developed multiple bioinformatic tools to characterize DNA methylation alterations and to discover DNA methylation biomarkers from Illumina DNA methylation array data. My future goal is to continue combining bioinformatics analyses with molecular technology development to conduct both basic and translational cancer research.

## Short Bio

I received my Ph.D. from Dr. San Ming Wang’s laboratory at the University of Nebraska Medical Center. As a Ph.D. student, I used next generation sequencing to identify germline mutations that associate with a change of risk of developing breast cancer in individuals with a history of familiar breast cancer.  After graduating with my Ph.D., I joined Dr. Sukumar’s laboratory as a postdoctoral fellow at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine. In Dr. Sukumar’s lab, I developed multiple tumor diagnostic assays and bioinformatic software to identify and investigate DNA methylation alterations in tumors.
